add @classmatejs/react (#442)
brillout/awesome-react-components: README.md

- [aesthetic](https://github.com/milesj/aesthetic) - A powerful type-safe, framework agnostic, CSS-in-JS library for styling components, whether it be plain objects, importing stylesheets, or simply referencing external class names.
- [aphrodite](https://github.com/Khan/aphrodite) - It&#39;s inline styles, but they work!.
- [inline-style-prefixer](https://github.com/rofrischmann/inline-style-prefixer) - Run-time Autoprefixer for Inline Style Objects.

> - [react-classmate](https://github.com/unterberg-dev/react-classmate) - A class name focused component builder with a syntax like styled components and the sugar of cva's variants.

Author: ```suggestion
- [@classmatejs/react](https://github.com/richard-unterberg/classmatejs/tree/master/packages/react) - A class name focused component builder with a syntax like styled components and the sugar of cva's variants. There is also a solidjs adapter
```

> - [@classmatejs/react](https://github.com/richard-unterberg/classmatejs/tree/master/packages/react) - A class name focused component builder with a syntax like styled components and the sugar of cva's variants. There is also a solidjs adapter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@classmatejs/react](https://github.com/richard-unterberg/classmatejs/tree/master/packages/react) - A class name focused component builder with a syntax like styled components and the sugar of cva's variants.
```
